Welcome dear reader, in this blog I will be discussing another opening scene.
This scene opens with what looks like a deserted parking lot at night. After a moment of silence a couple of light blue sparks start to appear. Than the sparks turn in to small lighting bolts, then a energized-looking sphere appears. The sphere starts
small and then sizes up to roughly two meters in diameter. Than with a sound effect the sphere disappears, leaving a perfectly circular impression in the asphalt where it was. Things that used to be in the sphere are now gone leaving a red hot circular cut.
The sphere left one more thing behind: a person. This person is kneeled down where the sphere used to be, around him are the red hot edges where things used to be before the sphere cut them away.
The person if not wearing anything. He slowly stands up and opens his eyes. A point-of-view shot is shown, it shows what looks like a heads-up-interface (HUD), the visual is in red and lots of technical looking data is shown left and right.
We now see the man walking steadily and confidently towards a bar in the distance, upon arriving he walks in. The bar is full and the man is still naked, however the man doesn't try to explain why he is there. From the mans point-of-view
we are shown that he is analysing the body shape of everyone in the bar. All the guests have fallen silent and are looking at him. Once again the point-of-view shows us that the man has found what he was looking for, he walks up
to another man that is staring at him, the man looks similar in body type to our visitor. Than he tells the other man: "I need your clothes your boots and your motorcycle". Laughter erupts from the entire bar as he made a ridiculous
demand. The man tell him he forgot to say please, he than slowly takes a drag of his cigar, he then breathes all the smoke into the other mans ever motionless face. The man than moves to put out his cigar on the other mans bear skin. He doesn't move.
The cigar reaches his skin and is pushed down as if to provoke a reaction. He did not get the expected reaction. The visitor slowly looks at the mans hand that is still holding the cigar, he than grabs a hold of the hand and twists it with an iron grip.
Several cracking noises are heard. One of the man's 'pals' picks up his pool stick and smacks him in the head. He didn't flinch. Instead he turned around and while still holding the other man he throws him across the bar through the window. The first guy is
thrown the other way into a small kitchen area. An other man wants to take a stab at taking him down, quite literally. He takes out a knife and stabs the visitor, or at least he tries to. While the knife did hit the visitor and pieced his skin, the knife could
not go much further and the visitor, once again, did not flinch. The weaklings arm gets twisted while the rest of him get thrown onto the pool table, the visitor than stabs him through the shoulder with so much force it gets stuck in the wood underneath and
the man has to yell for someone to take it out. The other people in the bar look at him scared but decide to get out of there. Our visitor than moves to the kitchen area and talks to the original man, who tries to turn a gun on him but he two, is to weak.
He than makes the intelligent choice to give the visitor what he wants while saying, 'take it'. The next shot is the visitor stepping outside dressed in the other mans clothes, he get on the motorcycle. Then the bar owner comes out with a shotgun saying he
can't let him that the guys wheels son. The visitor gets off the bike and slowly approaches the owner. He than snatches the gun out of his hands before getting back on the motorcycle and driving off.
Later in the film it is revealed that the visitor who is played by Arnold Schwarzenegger is a robot called the T-800 with a metal skeleton but a real skin over it, thus explaining his ease during the fight in the bar. In terms of how to scene is written
not an extreme amount can be said like in my previous blog. Seeing as this is a scene from Terminator 2: Judgement day. You as the viewer are expected to have a knowledge of what these machines are capable of. Further it is basically just a very muscular
mr. universe kicking ass without saying a word. This set the tone quite well for the character as it is a cold and calculating machine that is nothing but brute force. This also set up a very nice start to the character ark as this machine is slowly throughout
the film thought how human emotion works leading to a quite emotional ending. Another thing this scene setup is the fighting style of this robot. It is slow but extremely brutal, making this seemingly indestructible robot a scary sight to behold. This however
becomes important later when the T-800 meets the T-1000, a machine that is less brute force and more strategy and a lot more nimble, this sets up a scariness to the T-1000 as in the first film we saw what it can do, and now this robot seems oh so superior.

