On the internet many blogs can be found, this guided analyses is about a blog entry that forms part of the bicycle dartes: an account of a journalist travel across three continents and 20 countries by bike.
This particular blog entry is about the tran to Hamanie in Bulgaria from the 23 of October to the 2e of November, this paper analyses how the author used the narrative voice to create a sense of
inimically and involvement concerning the reader

This blog is written in the first person, signified by words such as my and I. The text describes what the journalist experienced before, while and after the actual cycling.
The author writes like this because he is retelling a series of event as he experienced them, describing what HE thought of something in that moment. For example when he orders orders 
a bowl of soup at a hotel he waits to specify the price as it makes it clear what he though and in what order the thoughts came into his head, this gives you an insight into his mind, you
do not draw your own conclusion, he draws it you simply observe him do it. This might sound like the text does not engage the reader, if you thought this you would be sorely mistaken. By not 
giving every piece of relevant information, such as the soups price, the reader stays on edge, the reader doesn't know what could be waiting on the next line for them to read. Furthermore this
creates an effect where everything seems to fall into place, the intriguingly titled 'paunch soup' that the author states still haunts him to this day makes you think of how bad the soup could have been,
but how could soup from an hotel be so bad, it doesn't make perfect sense, but it seems logical enough that the author does not risk the reader pausing to question the situation, instead the reader is
supposed to dismiss this as somewhat odd; however as soon as the next line is read it becomes clear that the soup cost him 30p. So all the slightly illogical things fall into place. This particular example
also provides more varied language. Rather than being boring by using a sentence such as: "I ordered a soup that cost 30p and it was very bad", the author opts for a more intriguing sentence. This 
type of sentence really helps engage the reader, involving them in your story, the reader should feel the same as the author at the time they had the experience. This puts the reader right there, smack dab 
in the middle of the tale, as if they themselves where there when it happened, while in actuality they are miles away and currently hallucinating at a couple of rays of light from their monitor. 
