Most of my current friends I met at primary school and all of my friends at that time went to the same school as me. This was very nice for me as I didn't have to go 
in all alone when moving to "high school". Despite most of my age-group using an ever expanding range of social media, I personally tend to think of these as unnecessary
and I don't use many of them. I do of course still use some such as, Discord and Whatsapp, however these are a lot more personal instead of using a follower based system
and this is something I prefer a lot to the fake garbage that comes from other platforms such as Instagram, which I think of as mostly subtle Photoshop, or TikTok, a platform
having many bad cultural influences, which this text is not about. The only 2 real social media I use that are not personal messengers are Reddit and YouTube, these I believe
deserve an exception from the "social media is bad" rule because Reddit focuses on subjects with it's subreddit system, therefore decreasing the incentive to do everything
for more followers. YouTube is mainly made for long form content and it doesn't shove anything in my face, it allows me to pick what I watch, instead of an algorithm deciding
what I like and what I will watch. I find find this choice really important because I should be in control of my time and how I spend it, not some company that gains money of
it. This is also one of the reasons I use Linux instead of widows or (even worse) apple. My computer or phone should do what I want it to do, no exceptions. This luckily for me
is the exact reason the GNU project was started, because MY computer is MY computer. Other reasons I use Linux is because I prefer it's configurable style: I could if I so 
pleased dive deep into the bowels of my operating system and change anything I want to, if I want to I could download an entire new desktop because Linux treats a desktop
like a normal application and allows me to use a 3e party one. Apart from tinkering with my computer I also game on it, though not much can be said on this subject my
current favourite game is rainbow six: siege, which is a tactical first person shooter. When I am not doing homework or any of the previously mentioned activities I sometimes
like to watch a film, I don't really watch a specific genre however Marvel films do tend to take preference. An alternate to watching a film is reading a book, something
I don't do as much any more as I once did but I do like The Hitch Hikers Guide To The Galaxy and I would recommend reading it. I am not particularly interested in any form 
of art with maybe films and music as exceptions and apart from programming maybe I am not really interested in any form of craftsmanship nor do I practice any myself. Creative 
thinking in my opinion should be employed mainly to think outside the box and come up with something better or a good solution to a problem, apart from that I don't see the
point of using "creativity" to create a piece of useless art. Especially so when that time and effort could be spent doing something productive or emotionally beneficial such
as relaxing. Practising an art form is fine however I see it very much as a hobby and not a school subject or something someone should taught at school in a specific course.

curiosity 4
perseverance 2.75
imagination 3.9
collaboration 2.3
discipline 2.4

When I see C&A in my roster when looking at it in the morning I feel immense sadness followed by anger. After that I consider how much more affective my time could be spent and
the only thing I am allowed to say (in class) about it is a simple "nonsense". To me this is aggravating beyond compare.
